hello again everyone last time we were
talking to Vilkas and apparently he was
gonna go on you we were we were gonna go
in the back and we're gonna see what I
was made of Oh train with him okay we're
gonna build a train set and that's what
he was talking about earlier nothing hey
I'll speak when I want to alright when
I'm spoken to Shh not gonna speak when
you tell me to speak spoken to whatever
oh don't even know your name don't care
to learn it all right still level 1
isn't that fantastic ah if we could just
stay this naive forever well silver
battle coming up hey he's right here
should be around someplace he is oh he's
right here I helped you find him give me
money okay hey that's good good news I
hope those two brothers find each other
he knew he was there some place but
where look at that that acts that an
open mouth old face does he have like
horny hair oh I didn't I mean it like
that i mean horns for hair uh this is
awkward belkis make say something oh
let's do this why do you wanna make
everything awkward failures okay you
ready for this I of lightning and steel
sword or sort I'd I'm not really sure
I'm gonna kill you you don't even
realize whoa so easy didn't even have to
like fight you just make but for now I
might just make it under main character
I'm gonna make it farther than anyone
tell you you got a sword go take it up
to your lender have it sharpened what
and be careful it's probably worth more
than you are do you know how to measure
people's worth where is this guy up here
I see him
Mountain he's in the mountain vilkas
he's literally right up here you that
lazy gosh I'm gonna rise to the regs in
this place that's what my competition is
uh huh geez this is the shortest mission
ever this sword brings me here vilkas
I'm guessing you're the new comedy yeah
I just learned my throat oh that's a lot
better so yeah I'm just doing what I'm
asked hey the truth would get you far
yes you are some stuffy merchant or
y'all would Stuart I'm not a foot stool
with your own how are your eyes old man
yeah you better remember it are you a
companion it's actually a companion
myself but none of them know how to work
a forge ah they're idiots I know hurt I
just click a name is your lane' they
don't have an a button I work the sky
weird if you have an able in all of sky
that's still hungry is that a you've my
favorite anime what you just told me not
to do stuff I've been working on a
shield for head oh really happy my wife
is in mourning and I need to get back to
us and you're working on stuff for a
ella man no wonder she's in mourning
well I'm happy to lend a hand yes well
done steak Oh throat I think we're good
now perhaps bring a ella her shield is
that your wife or is that your mistress
hmm my demand too I don't care honestly
he's old who cares
so um that's good how's everyone going
pretty good okay big fire fire room hey
you you switch chairs a lot is that true
is that really good I hoped you find him
you already lost him again jeez Farkas
step it up step up your game Fergus ok I
need to step it up I'm in level one
still is that even acceptable I need a
level up like now oh my god answer hey
don't be behind the door when I open it
stop it this is for sheís a ella he's a
huntress so mr. it's a patient leave you
with all the rebels are here I have a
shield good I've been waiting for this
are you new here oh is it that obvious
this is the world and i'm painting paint
on my face the well yes I heard you gave
him quite I hit him like twice and even
he wouldn't even take my lightning you
guys know that you tend everything you
said you will cease in a real fight yeah
but I don't care for busting a woman who
lets her actions speak for her I knew
there was something I liked about you um
here let's have Farkas show you where
you'll be resting your head ok I'm
waiting I don't need him in my room for
no Farkas is he's all the way in the
other room doesn't matter own of course
we Disney wearin I kind of want your
outfit can it show this new right now
with a stripped will please
okay one day till that ball gotta get
out on Farkas hello Farkas I don't want
you okay it's go to my room we can have
been around but they're good people oh
you can trust particular or you're so
nice Farkas nice no yeah that's around
your honor to make sure shot of things
oh yeah and my dog I hope we keep you up
here just pick a bed and fall in it when
you're okay I'll just stumble I can lay
the house quick I don't have to call i
might hit my head on the boards
underneath who do looks like the others
are i think our beds are made out of
wood completely like there's no
mattresses for work I'm not gonna follow
you made a bit of a name for yourself I
have a name this might have things for
you to do a full name not just a bit of
one welcome to the Companions thank you
for the welcome you should get a match
by the way I got an achievement I'm
taking up arms against you don't get
here at whiterun hold oh really right
here in the hold geez what should I
expect of trouble what kind of trouble
bottle should i expect leave bandits no
gonna badge does it take little effort
that's wonderful I'll take care of it do
not spare them your blade okay with well
do not will do not
but you just told me what to do kill the
leader the halted stream camp which does
not sound like it's in Whiterun I hope
you were not he's a soldier lie to me
he's like oh yeah that's right here
across the map that's his marking lapis
out if you even heard it it was quite a
soft whispering I'm gonna pause it
because I'm seeing if recording shorter
is gonna be what I have to do I don't
know any questions I don't care about
your history is big mark alright so i
have to pause it i'll see you next video
click the annotation